Add awaitTxConfirmed to all examples (#761)
Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib: CHANGELOG.md

- CTL's `overlay` no longer requires an explicitly passed `system`
- Switched to CSL for utxo min ada value calculation ([#715](https://github.com/Plutonomicon/cardano-transaction-lib/pull/715))

> - Examples now wait for transactions to be confirmed and log success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Examples now waiting for transactions to be confirmed
```
